similarities of the OSI and TCP/IP model
    i. Functionality-they are both layered and each layer defines a particular function
    ii. Troubleshooting-troubleshooting is simplified for they are both layered and the layer functions are divided into smaller components.
    iii. They are both logical models
    iv. They both define the standard for networking.
    v. They both divide the network communication process to layers
    vi. They both use the same ethernet standards instead of defining them again.
    vii. In both models manufacturer allows making devices and network components that can easily co-exist with each other 

Differences between OSI and TCP/IP models 
    i. OSI has seven layers namely (application layer, presentation layer, session layer, transport layer, network layer, data link layer, physical layer) while the TCP/IP model has four layers (network access layer, internet layer, transport layer, application layer).
    ii. OSI uses the network layer to define routing standards and protocols. While TCP/IP only uses the internet layer.
    iii. OSI model delivery of package is guaranteed while in TCP/IP delivery of package is not assured
    iv. OSI standards for open systems interconnection while TCP stands for Transmission control protocol. 
    v. In OSI the transport layer is only connection oriented while in TCP/IP a layer is both connection oriented and connectionless.
    vi. In OSI session and presentation layer are part of the model While in TCP session and presentation are contained in the application layer.
    vii. In OSI the data link and physical layer are separate layers while in TCP/IP physical and data link are both combined as a single host to network layer.
    viii. OSI provides a clear distinction between interfaces, services and protocols while TCP/IP doesn’t distinguish its services interfaces nor its protocols. 
    ix. OSI was developed by the international standard organization (ISO) while TCP/IP was developed by Advanced   research project agency (APRANET).
